What?
Nothing.
I'm just here to check up on you.
So you know that you have me
by your side.
Hmpf.
Here. Let me help.
Tan!
What are you doing?
It's stained now.
Oh? You weren't going
to paint the walls?
No.
Well, I...
I just don't know
what to do next.
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to make you feel bad.
You're being childish.
What's up with you?
Let me have the brush.
I know.
Thank you for talking to Dad for me.
I'll apologize to Cindy myself.
Huh?
Are you for real?
Okay.
Praew told me
Dad's going to cancel the wedding.
You want me, don't you?
- Am I being too happy?
- Definitely.
Dad also wants to see us both.
Really?
Are we going to get killed and
tossed into the Gulf of Thailand?
I don't think so. It'll probably be
the Andaman Sea.
Shut up and go home.
How can I?
No one's here right now either.
Right here on the sofa.
Come here!
Hey! Wait, wait!
Oops.
Sorry.
When did you get here?
When?
I didn't notice you come in.
I'm just here to tell you
that I'm going out for a bit.
- Alone?
- Mmm.
Should I come with you?
Look at this.
I've gotten much stronger now.
Mmm. Look at those guns.
I'll reverse it myself.
She's doing it herself!
I want one too.
It's not much further after we cross
this intersection.
Are you crossing the road?
Can I help you?
Please? I'm doing
good deeds right now
so I can write it down
in my Diary of Good Deeds.
A diary?
Are you okay?
Rung? Do you have a headache?
Let's go home then.
I hope you get better soon.
It's a shame.
I can't hear your voice anymore.
My ears are feeling lonely.
Let's find a way
to get the voice back.
How?
Wait here.
I love you!
Are you crazy? It's embarrassing!
No one's going to pay attention
to us in this rain.
The power might return if we
profess our love out loud.
I love you! Can you hear me?
I love you the most!
I love you too!
Can you hear me?
Rarin is the cutest!
Too bad it didn't work.
Mmm.
The power probably
won't return easily.
Are you okay?
Do you want some painkillers?
Mmm.
You're not going to take it anymore?
It's you.
You are my painkiller.
Are you up,
my painkiller?
Mmm!
What painkiller?
What are you thinking?
Why are you making that face?
Take a guess.
Hmm.
You want to...
take a dump?
What kind of guess is that?
I was just thinking...
why my girlfriend is so cute?
Mmm!
What girlfriend?
You haven't officially
asked me out yet.
But I think after last night,
it's a bit too late for that.
- Mmm!
- Ow!
But I still
want to hear it from you.
For some things,
it's better to hear it.
Okay.
I'll do it.
Just a sec.
Are you ready?
I am.
Rarin,
can you be
the person who snores
right next to me every night?
Ugh!
If you're going to do it,
do it properly!
Well, you were snoring
the whole night.
What kind of boyfriend
teases his girlfriend like this?
Are you sulking?
Ugh!
Haven't you heard that
the more you love,
- the more you tease?
- Not at all.
The more you love someone,
the more you should
take care of them.
Be a gentleman. Be respectful.
And don't be fussy.
Now that's my prince.
Then, between me
and your prince,
who do you love more?
My prince, of course.
Are you serious?
Aw!
- What?
- Go! Go and take a shower!
- You've got gunk in your eyes.
- Get off!
Go!
Did Rin draw this herself?
It's so cute.
Tan helped me.
That's why I can feel the love aura
exuding from it.
Jib, hold your horses. It's me.
Let's get back to work, Da.
I just realized that you're prone
to embarrassment.
You should get ready
for the fitting.
I'm thinking of taking you
out for dinner.
What dinner?
Ta-da.
It's a party organized by Gorgeous.
It's a small event where
the designers for BFW were invited.
So I'm thinking of
taking you with me.
Don't worry. I already asked Mind
about your schedule.
She said you're free.
I just realized that you like
to show off your boyfriend.
I don't.
I'm taking you as the muse.
Hurry on over, okay?
March 16,
I'm so proud that my outfit
won first place
for Best National Costume
at Miss Thailand.
June 25,
I can't believe one of
the outfits in my first collection
is identical to another
newly-founded brand.
July 31,
the collection for the opening
of my brand is almost completed.
It's more perfect than I thought.
I was a little concerned
so I emailed a fashion expert.
I suspect something
so I'm thinking of investigating.
But I'm scared to face reality
if my suspicion turns out
to be true.
Are there any other diaries?
Tan, are you done?
I'm tying my bow-tie.
Here.
- I'll do it for you.
- Okay.
Okay.
What do you think?
- Well...
- You should lose the jacket.
- Lose the jacket?
- Mmm.
Let's take it off.
Better.
I think the jacket makes it look
too deliberate.
Hmm.
Just wear these?
I'll be right back.
Let's add something.
I heard there was a fire
at your studio?
I was shocked when I heard the news.
Yes, there was a bit of an accident.
But it's fine now.
Just tell me if you need my help.
Thank you, Kan.
And how's preparation going?
Have you contacted
a modeling agency?
Uhh...
It's okay. Thank you very much.
I've already partially prepared it.
I'm lucky I have Tanthai
as the muse.
He's a great representation
of our brand.
I can rest assured.
I'm looking forward to seeing it.
I'm a little surprised you managed
to bring him this far.
Bring me this far? What do you mean?
We all know about it
that...
Honestly,
I never thought a celebrity
with scandal like yours
could become the muse of a brand
with a sweet-style like Rarin's
and make...
No, create a nice impression.
It's a compliment.
There is no hidden agenda.
Thank you, then.
My muse definitely can't
compete with Tan, right Kate?
Her?
What does she have to
compete with him?
At least your muse
has some respect for seniority.
I gave my muse a few bags
to review and she told me
it's not convenient for use.
She's lucky I didn't reply to her
that it's fashion, not function.
They're just models,
not the brand owner.
Silly.
You're being too harsh, Kate.
Rin might get cocky.
Right, Rin?
Sometimes you have to be harsh
if it doesn't go the way you want.
I have to go to the bathroom.
Cheers, Anya.
Thank you.
I like your new look as well.
It's very beautiful.
Tan,
where's your bow-tie?
You love me for being me.
Or do you love me as the prince?
Why are you asking me this now?
Distinguish personal
from professional matters.
Because I want to know
the answer now.
Tan,
let's talk later.
Give me the bow-tie.
I'll tie it for you.
What if I don't want to wear it?
Are you going to force me?
Tan,
stop being silly.
This is Gorgeous' party.
Look,
there are a lot of esteemed guests.
I want you to look your best
in everyone's eyes.
You can't act silly
and embarrass me.
Listen to yourself talking.
I might be silly
and ill-mannered.
But I just want you to love me
for being me,
as a human being,
and not as a prince
who follows your orders.
Tan,
I didn't mean it that way.
I'm sorry but I have
to excuse myself now.
Are you okay, Tan?
Me?
I'm just a clothes hanger.
Please enjoy your meal.
(Rarin)
Haven't you gone home?
Anya,
I'm sorry for being rude earlier.
It's okay.
I understand how you feel.
When I was a fresh face
in the fashion world
around 20 to 30 years ago,
I wasn't used to this
extravagance either.
I'd like to warn you
that you'll still have to face
many things in this business.
Why don't you try acting casual
and indifferent like me?
So you won't be stressed.
To be in this business,
it's like being cursed.
Once you get in,
you can't find a way out
until you've reached the top.
But half of the people
die along the way.
Only one in a hundred
can become successful.
In my opinion,
Rarin is not bad at all.
You two have gotten
this far already.
Don't lose faith in each other yet.
Okay.
I don't know why so many people
like the fashion world.
My sister as well.
Your sister?
What's her name? Maybe I know her.
It's Rung.
Rungtiwa.
She didn't get to be
in the business though.
She had an accident.
Maybe the curse you mentioned
is quite powerful.
Hmm.
What happened to your sister?
She...
tried to kill herself.
So she went into a vegetative state
for around three years.
But she's awake now.
Oh,
you told me to try
and be indifferent just now.
I don't think I can do it.
Because being indifferent
just one time
almost made me lose everything.
- I have to excuse myself now.
- Of course.
Tan.
I'm sorry.
I didn't know you'd overthink it.
Please don't leave me.
You're the one who's overthinking.
I won't leave you, silly.
You're acting as if you don't want
to be the muse
and don't love me anymore.
Rin,
listen to me.
I love you too much
to the point that I can't tell
the difference between work,
being the muse,
or being the prince.
I'm all over the place.
But that's why
I can't tell things apart.
I have to apologize in advance
in case I do
something impulsive again.
But I don't want you
to be impulsive.
Tan,
didn't we agree
that I'll transform you
into a perfect prince?
We're almost there.
Can't you help me a little longer?
If you want it that way,
I'd have to stop loving you first.
That's the only way I'll be able
to do my best working with you.
Rin,
I'm already doing my best.
Rin?
Where are you going?
You should go.
I'll go home on my own.
Wait, Rin!
Rin!
(Rungtiwa, Queen of Rainbow)
Mmm.
I'm sorry for visiting you
this late.
It's okay.
I guess you don't remember me.
I'm Anya.
It's not surprising that you don't.
We only knew each other in passing
at the Miss Thailand costume design
competition three years ago.
I chose your outfit
for the first place.
Even though I don't
remember much, thank you.
But I'd like to talk to you
about something.
Your outfit almost didn't win.
Pardon?
Somebody lobbied
and fixed the results
for that year's competition.
But I protested and pushed
for your work to win.
Is this the outfit
for the Miss Thailand competition?
That's right.
Not bad at all.
Thank you, Kan.
I'm still nervous
because it's my first competition
and the other competitors
are all veterans.
I couldn't believe it either
when I won.
But look, I'm the regular tailor
for Miss Thailand now.
That's true.
I'm proud
to have a talented student like...
Rung, right?
That's right.
The designer's name is Rungtiwa.
That's right. She's my student.
Can you eliminate her?
That's right.
Make her lose the round.
Kan likes to destroy new brands
from getting ahead.
He relies on the press
and powerful people.
He gives the fashion world
a bad name.
Darn it!
What?
Kan, I'm here to say goodbye.
Thank you for everything.
I know everything
but I've always let him
get away with it.
I was going to visit
when you had a problem.
But it seems that I was late.
Do you remember the concept
that was plagiarized?
Do you mean Rarin's?
Rarin's?
That's not it.
You sent me an email directly
for some advice.
I still remember
that collection's concept well.
You named it "Queen of Rainbow."
Kritsana stole
and changed the concept.
They've been making money
off it until now.
It's so close now.
The big day is almost here,
just a few more days.
That's true.
But I think I have to
thank everyone!
Well done!
Rin, bad news!
There's news about our brand
copying another brand.
Are you confirming
that you designed it?
- Yes, I confirm...
- How could this happen?
You can look at the proof.
I've posted and updated
on social media
before Rarin gave
an interview about it.
It was probably around
two weeks ago.
And I posted before that.
I don't understand
how she plagiarized it.
Another thing I don't understand
is why a big brand like Rarin
would be bullying
a small brand like Posey.
Rin, I think there's a mole
who stole and leaked our design.
It's no use trying to find out.
Please have seat.
I hope you didn't forget our promise
and that you'll still let me
work for Kritsana.
Don't worry.
I have to accept you to work
based on your experience.
- As for the pay...
- I'll transfer it to you.
Thank you very much.
I'll get going then.
I hope this will
be kept confidential, Da.
But even if it gets leaked,
the person who stole Rarin's design
wasn't me or Posey
but you.
Remember that.
You're soaking wet.
You might catch a cold.
Why did these bad things
have to happen to me?
Last time,
it was the fire at the studio.
And now the news about plagiarism.
Aren't I just a woman who wants
to follow her dreams?
Is that really a bad thing?
Please don't leave me.
I don't care
if you're the prince or not.
I still love you just the same.
Silly girl,
I told you that I'll love you
no matter what.
I won't leave you.
Promise?
I promise.
Don't give up.
I'll always be by your side.
By the way, what did you call me?
Silly girl?
How could you call me that?
I'm a year older than you.
And do you like it?
It's kind of cute.
Should I call you that every day?
Silly girl.
Silly girl. Silly girl.
That's enough.
It sounds like a real insult when
you keep repeating it like that.
Then what should I call you?
Honey?
Yuck.
Thank you, Anya.
There's no need to thank me.
I actually have to apologize to you.
I've been thinking.
Why did I let these bad things
happen for so long?
I probably didn't want any trouble.
But many people were
on the receiving end of it instead.
If I didn't come and see you today,
I would regret it
for the rest of my life.
I still have to thank you for having
the courage to tell the truth.
Because being indifferent
just one time
almost made me lose everything.
You have a good family.
Take care of them.
- I'll go and see you off.
- It's okay.
- Goodbye.
Rung, are you okay?
I hope it's not going to be the same
as someone else's again.
There's no need to be stressed.
You came up with the idea first.
I'll help you prove it.
Sound good?
Thank you.
But it's okay.
You're going to
ruin your reputation.
This could be karma
for what I did to Rung.
Yes, Mind?
Rarin's not the reason why I tried
to kill myself.
The real reason is that my design
was stolen by the person
I trusted the most.
You stole my idea, didn't you?
Please be polite.
First of all,
they're two different concepts.
My theme is the queen.
There's no rainbow.
It's because you adapted my idea
and it's identical to
all the work I showed you.
Is there evidence?
This sketchbook.
Who's going to believe you
with only this much evidence?
I can tell other people
you plagiarized me.
Because my collection's going to
be out for sale first anyway.
You can take this to court
if you want.
But I have to warn you
I have a good lawyer.
The person I respected the most
betrayed me
to the point that I felt lost,
and I didn't want to live anymore.
This is the real reason
for everything.
The person who hurt me
is Kan.
Mom,
hang in there.
I'm going to transfer you
the money soon.
What do you think
of Kritsana's collection?
It's different from what you've seen
from other brands, right?
If Kan really stole your idea,
there must be proof.
Sao, you have Rung's journal,
don't you?
I went to see Kan.
Why did you do that?
Is there anything else you want
to say to me?
Do you remember what happened
three years ago
and what you did to me?